
 
**Originally a member of Canadian pop experimentalists Born Gold, Corin Roddick was first introduced to production in 2000. Teaming up with vocalist Megan James, the pair's first track, Ungirthed, was released online in 2011, and just over one year later Purity Ring were signed to UK label 4AD.**
 
**Download File ✔ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SPy](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SPy)**


 
When the band's server crashed upon the release of a free download to celebrate the opening of their website, clearly something was stirring. Their debut album, Shrines, was released within months and high profile collaborations followed, with James providing vocals on Jon Hopkins' single Breathe This Air, while the duo got the nod to remix Lady Gaga's 2013 single Applause.
 
This year, Purity Ring released their second studio album, Another Eternity, supported by a string of concerts across the US and Europe. We caught up with Roddick ahead of soundcheck at one of their UK dates, to find out about the album's creation and check out the band's new custom-built audio-visual live setup.
 
"Edmonton is a very creative place to grow up, I guess, because it's very northern and very cold for most of the year, so people are often inside. A lot of my friends would hole up and make things; everyone had bands. I grew up as a drummer and drumming was really my main focus for the early part of my life. I was always interested in electronic stuff, but never really delved into it too much. There really wasn't much of an electronic scene in Edmonton that I knew of, but I got to a point where I was sick of playing in bands. I think that was around the time that I got quite interested in the electronic side of things, because I started to see how much of it you could really do yourself, and that was quite appealing to me. All the things you normally need five people for to make a song, I could figure out on my own."
 
"Long before I started to try and make anything electronic, Radiohead were always one of my favourite bands. They started to introduce a lot of electronics into their sound around Kid A and everything after that. So that was my first intro to anything vaguely electronic. From there I got into Bjork and a decent amount of hip-hop. A lot of that stuff was quite sample-based and acoustic sounding, but programmed or played on an MPC, so that style of chopping things up interested me as well."

"Actually, I've never owned an MPC. My intro into electronic production was Ableton. I got a copy from a friend of mine and bought a legit copy later on. That was kind of when I started to see the possibilities of what I could really do, because previously I was interested in recording acoustic things with microphones and I was working in Cubase. Initially, I was running Ableton in Rewire inside of Cubase, just to see what elements I could add, then I started getting more and more interested in Ableton, until I realised I didn't really need Cubase at all. I never actually had any electronic instruments. I made our whole first album using the keypad on my laptop - there's a setting to turn it into a little keyboard controller."
 
"At the time, it was something that I would have definitely been interested in, but hardware synths are very expensive compared to soft synths, and software was available to me, hardware wasn't. From there, I started to feel really comfortable working with soft synths, so I never actually felt the need to go back and explore the analogue side of things."
 
"If you're coming from using analogue Moogs and changing to a laptop, that would probably not be a very enjoyable transition; but I think I'm in that age range where digital stuff was starting to come up, and, as a 17-year-old, I could actually make sounds this way. I'm looking in a catalogue and there's this synth that looks pretty cool, but it's like $2,000 and huge [laughs]. Still to this day, I've never really given analogue synths the time they probably deserve. I do recognise that they sound different and I could do a lot of different stuff in them, but I like to have a very mobile rig and be able to work seamlessly without having to patch cables around. Maybe years down the road, when I have a very solid studio, I can expand."
 
"Definitely. I think a good way to learn is by getting right into it, and if there's something you don't know how to do, you can always look it up on YouTube and figure it out. The first stuff I was doing was quite simple, although I still think I do things quite simply. The best way to learn anything is just to dive right in and develop your style as you're learning, as opposed to completely understanding the whole program. When you don't totally know how to use something, it kind of sets you on a path because you have limited possibilities."
 
"I didn't have much of a vision; I don't think I'm a visionary person in that way - I'm more mess around, start layering things and see what happens. That's almost always been my approach. On the first tracks I made, there was definitely a hip-hop influence, because that was what I was into when I was drumming, and those rhythms would always draw me in when I was creating programmed beats. Over the years, I guess I developed a catalogue in my head of the sounds that I liked and tried to cultivate those and see how I could morph them into being something unique to me, but I never sit down and know what kind of song I'm going to make."
 
"I had known Megan for a few years, because she was also involved in the local music scene. We were both in a backing band for a friend of ours who now goes by the name of Born Gold. We kind of talked about collaborating for a long time; I'd heard her sing and not really known anyone who did something like that. There aren't many people you come across whose talent strikes you in a very unique way. Megan's melodic sensibility, her lyrics and just the tonality of her voice really stood out immediately. Once I started getting comfortable on Ableton, one of the first tracks I made sounded like something I thought would probably work better with vocals. I sent it to Megan and she came up with vocals almost immediately; we put it out a week later and set everything in motion."
 
"From the month that we released that first song, we hand a handful of labels hitting us up, because our stuff was moving around the internet and people were noticing. We still felt like a very new band and only had a couple of songs. Around the time we were completing our first record, we'd been talking to a handful of labels, then 4AD got in touch and were really interested. It came together very quickly and seemed like an obvious choice, but we never sent them any demos - they'd just heard the tracks that we'd already released and were pretty excited about the project."
 
"It was very surprising, from the very beginning. We weren't really expecting any of it [laughs]. Music was something I was always trying to do for a living, somehow, whether as a recording engineer, a session drummer or even a sound guy. As long as I'm involved in music somehow and can make money that way, I'll be happy. But I really didn't expect it to come so quickly - we're still surprised and haven't got used to it yet."
 
"That was definitely a tough decision. If we were a rock band, people would expect us to make another rock album, but when you're electronic, it's expected you're going to stay cutting-edge and relevant, so there's always pressure there.
 
"I knew that with Shrines we had accomplished the sound that we wanted and used a fairly small sound set to keep the album very unified and consistent. So it took us about a year and a half to really distance ourselves from it and feel like we were fresh and ready to start again. We didn't have a clear idea of what we were going to do this time, but we quickly started to realise that we had evolved a lot as musicians, and that feeling of progression came naturally."
 
"Yeah, I would say I'm very much a perfectionist. I think that's what draws me in about having a slower tempo. Having a lot of space between the beats, there's an opportunity to really focus in on each element and not have too many things happening on top of each other. I need to feel like I can focus on each element and make it what I want it to be, and having the space to do that is really necessary."
 
"I've been working more and more in a fixed location, but during the making of our first album we were touring and opening for other bands, so I was working on my laptop a lot and putting stuff together. These days, I'll write a little bit on the road, but it's more comfortable for me to write in a controlled space. I definitely prefer to work with studio monitors; after a couple of hours of working on headphones I start to feel a little bit too closed in, or I'll get ear fatigue. Maybe it's just a question of finding the right headphones. I'm also just weird about ear stuff - my least favourite thing is when people touch my ears; that really bothered me as a kid [laughs]."
 
"I use Barefoot Sound MicroMain27 Gen2 monitors; they're pretty amazing because they have subs built into the sides, and it's really helpful not having to have an additional sub calibrated into my setup. They're about 8000 and massive. When it came to choosing monitors, I did a lot of research and tried a lot of stuff out. I think they work really well for electronic music, because they're very detailed on the mids but have that low-end extension as well. The Gen2s actually come with a little switch that has an emulation of three types of speakers, which is amazing because you have the regular way they sound and then you can change to vintage mode, which is an emulation of Yamaha NS10M monitors; and there's also a micro mode that's an emulation of Avantone's MixCube speakers. So I was constantly switching between 
the different speaker sounds to unde